use	pingywon/Connected-Patient-Analytics-Platform/README.md to get your bearings. 
Then we are going to enter either /brainstorm or /planning /frontend-desginer  you decide.
the plan is to go live with version 2.0 with some mild changes before we do, mostly cosmetic.
move the v to 2.0 anywhere and everywhere it is branded.
Also go through everything including the repo and remove any references to co-authro ship etc.
remove the "Single file app" pill at the top. Remove that silly gradient square as well. Make the header of the page Connected Patient Analytics Platform
with the name stylized is a calming, sleepy, manner, that vibes with the page and project.


The pop-up warning at launch. the text needs to be centered and bulleted properly. its looks rookie, as it is not alligned. aling center. Including the agreement
remove any reference to "CalmCPAP" as that was a beginning name. 
Now replace all those references with Connected-Patient-Analytics-Platform OR "CPAP" if it makes more sense in each scenario.
The header still says "Calm CPAP" change that as well.
remove the "single file app" pill at the top.
in the header, almost as a subtext  say something about how this only runs on your PC and no data is sent to the cloud or anywhere else, hence processing and load times depend 100% on your computers ability to process.


in the "events" catagory, combine the "on this chart" events if they are the same. I.E. two bubbles for CA(12). 
one with 2 events and one with 7 events. also there are some time multiple OA(10) codes as well that should combine.
H(11) is another code I seem multiple of in one session load. 
under the glossary there is: Events: each marker is one parsed annotation, grouped by event type. 
The two vertical dashed markers show when the selected session started and stopped.
The Y-axis is categorical, not severity-based. A higher row means “different type,” not “worse event.”

Clean that whole section up. center it and make it look more pro. Put any relivant info there, but dont over due it.
on the side bar there is no need for the "night" pill the calendar auto-loads now, once you pick a day. 
when you load a zip, 
have the calendar section of the side bar auto drop for the user to see that they can pick a day to begin.


Overview section: "How this report works. remove the Airesense 11 reference from this location.
In part of the on-boarding pop-up also warn boldly that this whole project 
as of current has only been tested on an AirSense 11.
one more warning in the pop-up. 
User agrees that this is for entertainment, and the info might not even be correct. 
Have fun in exploring your data.
in the Tidal Volume graph. 
Make the base line for men and women clearer to distingush from the graph background and any user overlay.



the Data Sources section in the sidebar. 
remove it plain and simple. it doesnt add to the app and it will be nice to reclaim the space.
keep the Debug log, 
but make it small in the side bar and make it clear that the avg user wont need it. 
do not make any other changes to this, unless expressly told please.
remove the wording "plain english" and take the 

Overview: this is the fastest way to see whether leaks and therapy pressure moved together during the selected anchored night.
The calendar stays tied to the raw DATALOG/YYYYMMDD folder date, but the report itself uses the full detected session window: 2026-01-10 01:20 → 2026-01-10 11:24.
Leak is usually shown in L/s, and pressure is usually shown in cmH2O. In plain English, that means “how much air escaped” and “how hard the machine was pushing.”
Source families active for this report: Identification.json, CurrentSettings.json, PLD, BRP, EVE, CSL. and clean it up. center it, make it look more pro and say less unless it make sense to say to the avg user.


section under the graphs for each item overview-leak-pressure-flow etc. 
The the bottom of each one we need to clean up. center the info and make the info intresting to read, not humor, it should read professionally, but make the info "fun" intresting to read.
make the link to the github at the top right of the page that is already there, make it look better. not a pill.

Go through the README.MD and do anything above that you can do there including changing all references to the name. 
lets just re-write the whole README.MD once we have landed on a final product. 

want the generaly color scheme to stay the same, but tweak them a bit to show it is a new version (Version 2.0)

we will rewrite it then and then take new screen shots. and get everything ready to update the with git
when you start changing name from "CalmCPAP" 
I want you to update all the screen shot name all the file names that use it and even the relative links toimages and such as well as the name of the images to make it all work. 
make sure everything links and works correctly under the new name, this is an example of a time you can use "CPAP" sometimes. label the asset images CPAP etc.
